[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who
dare to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
Two years have passed
since the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Luffy and his crew reunite to
continue on to the New World.
Their first stop
is Fishman Island,
where they encounter King
Neptune, merman royalty,
and conniving pirates alike.
Soon, Luffy leaves
on an adventure
with the Mermaid Princess,
leaving his crew to
fend for themselves.
[LUFFY]
"Hordy's Onslaught!
The Retaliatory Plan
Set Into Motion!"
[gasps]
[MEGALO grunting]
Look at that cloud!
It's so cute!
Huh?
[SHIRAHOSHI] I've only read
about them in books, of course,
but doesn't it look
just like raccoon?
[LUFFY] Oh, yeah! That's funny!
It's totally Chopper!
Who's Chopper?
A friend. Part of my crew.
He's a doctor.
I'm confused.
Are those giant flying fish?
[LUFFY] Darn it. They're
too far away to tell.
Is something wrong?
I can't see from in here.
[FISHBOY 535A]
Mom, what are those weird fish?
Whoa! Look at that!
That's not normal.
[FISHMAN 535B] Ryugu Palace!
Ryugu Palace! Come in!
This is border control.
Come in. Can anyone hear me?
Hello? Hello?
I wonder what's wrong. Huh.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL 535A]
Click.
I'm still not getting
anything at all.
You think the snail's sick?
There's no immediate
call for alarm,
but it does seem like
there are a lot of people
coming in from the
Fishman District.
It worries me.
That many wouldn't come at
one time just for shopping.
They're dangerous people.
Anything could happen.
Today is the day.
History will be made.
All of Fishman Island will
be united under one flag!
Mermaids, mermen and fishmen
must all come together.
We must all be of the same mind!
We've tolerated
humans long enough.
Land-dwellers are inferior!
We will rule them.
Or they will die!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheer]
We will erase the
mistakes of the past
and forge an
everlasting legacy!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheer]
[laughs] Today is
the anniversary
of our engagement
dear, Shirahoshi!
But it's no rush.
We don't have to
get married today.
I'll wait until tomorrow.
Seems the Sun Pirates and Jimbei
have decided not to join us.
Annoying, but it isn't
exactly unexpected.
[ZEO] We take down Neptune.
We take down Fukaboshi,
Ryuboshi, Mamboshi,
then we're done.
Then his army-hii will fall,
assuming they don't
surrender first.
Mu, hee, hee.
Caw! But that's no fun.
I wanna feast on their
flesh! Caw, caw!
You tell me what to cut
and then I'll cut it. Hic.
You know the plan, right?
We split up, conquer
one area, and move on.
They won't know what hit them.
Before this day is done,
the Ryugu Kingdom will
fall and we will reign!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheer]
[ROBIN]
Good. Right on time.
The Sea Forest, huh?
I wonder what that's like.
[FISHMAN 535D] That's Nico
Robin of the Straw Hats.
No question.
[FISHMAN 535D]
Don't move!
You and your crewmates are
suspects in two investigations!
First off, we have
a missing person case.
Or people, rather.
Mermaids that your crew
had recent contact with.
Second, a powerful
psychic has named you
as a risk to the
safety of our island.
We can't afford
to take any chances.
So we're arresting your crew!
I'm sorry, but I have no idea
what you're talking about.
So you're here
because of a psychic?
That doesn't sound very
scientific or sensible.
I'm disappointed your culture
still puts faith
in such nonsense.
Uh! Madam Sharley's
premonitions are never wrong!
Now shut up and come with us!
I think I'll pass.
Wouldn't want to miss
my bus, after all.
Capture her!
[FISHMEN yell]
Now Mil Fleurs!
[FISHMEN scream]
If anyone can move,
try to stop her.
[ROBIN]
It seems my theory was correct.
There's a Poneglyph
hidden here somewhere.
The crew can take
care of themselves.
I can't miss a chance to uncover
the world's lost history.
[GROUP panting]
Would you give it up already?
They're terribly persistent.
[NAMI sighs]
How'd it come to this?
We were supposed to have
a banquet, weren't we?
[ZORO] I got to drink some
booze and now I get to fight.
I don't see anything
to complain about here.
They wanna start trouble
with us, then fine.
That's what they're gonna get.
Come on, gimme a break!
I know you like
to be a tough guy,
but don't you think we've
got enough trouble already?
Nobody cares if pirates fight
other pirates, all right?
It's fine as long as we win.
Any excuse, huh? Sheesh,
why do I even bother.
What's the deal?
You keep coming at us,
but you're barely even alive.
Can't we settle this peacefully
before someone dies?
They won't listen to reason.
Let's just end this.
[MAN 535C laughs]
Just pass them
and hit the switch.
I know we can make it.
All we have to do
is open the gate,
and they'll let us live.
Sorry, Straw Hats.
But you're finished.
Time to die!
[MEN yell]
[screams]
[GROUP screams]
[BROOK]
Screaming! How fun!
No mercy!
Come here!
[MAN 535K grunts]
I'm afraid you
leave me no choice.
[MEN]
Die!
You're not gonna
beat us, you guys.
Move it!
[USOPP]
Careful!
[MAN 535Q groans]
[MEGALO grunting]
I'm still thinking
about those huge fish.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Luffy.
How did you get so strong?
You weren't born
that way, were you?
No, but I've been training
since I was real little.
I have to, 'cause they're
always somebody stronger.
Wow. Someone
stronger than you?
That can't be!
[MEGALO grunting]
[LUFFY] What's wrong, shark?
Don't tell me you're sick.
Megalo?
You're acting weird.
Do you need to take a break?
[LUFFY]
Ah, man, that was a close one!
You gotta be more
careful, shark!
So what if I enjoyed it?
I fought 'em 'cause I had to!
I see, then you are
a bloodthirsty butcher!
You'll turn your blade
on us next, won't you?
Look. These guys
were after our heads
and probably yours, too.
Did you expect us
to serve 'em tea?
Good idea!
That sounds like a lovely
way to settle things!
Oh, yeah, I'm sure
they would go for that!
Who can say? Certainly
not them right now!
Since you knocked them out
before we could learn
why they were here!
Except it doesn't matter
what they wanted,
because we stopped
them from doing it!
Man, I hate this. How'd
we turn into the bad guys?
It's because everyone on our
crew is so irresponsible.
Or just plain violent.
Well, just look at our captain.
Good point. Too late
for regrets now.
[laughs] Speaking of Luffy.
I wonder if he came across
the Mermaid Princess.
I'd still quite
like to meet her.
[ALL scream]
[NEPTUNE]
My poor little girl! You fiends!
What have you done to her? Why?
Stop crying!
I know we tied up your guards,
but we didn't lay a
finger on your daughter!
[NEPTUNE] Liar! Straw Hat
Luffy took her away!
My sweet princess!
[BROOK] I can assure you
that's not the case.
I only saw Luffy and
Mister Shark leave the room.
Surely I would have noticed
if they had a mermaid
princess with them.
[NEPTUNE] If you knew her,
you would understand.
She would never sneak
out on her own.
Also, someone would notice if
she simply swam out of the room.
She takes after me
when it comes to size.
[gasps] Your daughter's
as big as you?
Jamon! Hooray!
[BROOK]
No thank you.
[NEPTUNE]
Why didn't I realize it sooner?
Straw Hat hid Shirahoshi
inside Megalo's mouth
and they all left
the palace together!
[FISHMEN laugh]
Come on, your highness,
you shouldn't joke
at a time like this.
That's crazy!
I know Straw Hat
has a wild reputation,
but that's pretty far
out there, even for him.
Ah... Ah-choo!
Dang it, shark, you've
got me sneezing now.
Sharks make you sneeze?
I didn't know that.
They don't, but sometimes
I sneeze outta
nowhere. Wonder why.
[NEPTUNE]
Come back, Shirahoshi!
That's enough!
Luffy may be a pirate,
but he's not a kidnapper.
There has to be another
culprit out there.
[NEPTUNE] You can't talk
your way out of this one!
If my little girl
doesn't come back safe,
then I'm keeping your ship!
And I'll be keeping
your friends in jail!
[NAMI] No fair! We're
victims here, too!
I... I did it.
Looks like they
finished their job.
Not bad for a bunch of humans.
[FRANKY yells]
[FRANKY]
Hey, Sunny ! Lookin' good!
Things got pretty
wild back there,
but you can't keep
a super ship down!
[DEN] As you can see,
others weren't so lucky.
The tide brings many sunken
vessels to this spot.
It's almost like a
graveyard for ships
that couldn't reach
the New World.
And yet, this is a place
overflowing with life.
Thanks to the grace
of the Sun Tree Eve,
many colorful fish and coral
make their home here.
[FRANKY]
And whales, too, huh?
I don't think I've ever seen
so many in one place before.
Some of 'em are even
bigger than the Sunny !
[DEN] Even if they're tucked
away in deep waters,
whales always know
where fertile seas lie.
[FRANKY] Whoa. This place
is a real wonderland.
[DEN]
It's endlessly fascinating.
No matter how much I observe,
there's always
something new to find.
[FRANKY]
So it's not just me.
Even the people
who live down here
think this place is a miracle.
All of Fishman Island, I mean.
[DEN chuckles]
[DEN] I don't know how you got
wood from the tree of Adam,
but this is a fine ship,
worthy of its parts.
[FRANKY] Damn straight!
This is my masterpiece!
Tom made a ship outta the
same stuff for Gold Roger.
So nothin' less'll do
for my captain!
[DEN chuckles] I'll do
the ship coating for you.
And I'll do it with gusto.
[FRANKY] Haven't heard
that one in a while.
Oh, uh, sorry, I never
caught your name.
Call me Den.
[FRANKY] So, Den, don't
take this the wrong way,
but for bein' his brother, you
sure don't look much like Tom.
I mean, you're a merman
and he was a fishman.
Was one of you
adopted or somethin'?
[laughs] That's a
human-centric way to think.
I can hardly blame you,
since family members
tend to look so much
alike on the surface.
It works a bit
differently with us.
We carry genes
from our ancestors
that can show up
in different ways.
And this rule applies to
both merfolk and fishmen.
So, if an octopus mermaid
gives birth to a shark merman,
that's normal.
It just means that she,
or the father,
has shark merman somewhere
in their lineage.
The bottom line is
nothing really surprises us.
No matter what way
our children turn out.
That's why it doesn't
make much sense to us
when humans discriminate
against someone
just because they
look a certain way.
See, the way you look
doesn't say a thing
about who you are.
[FRANKY chuckles]
Speakin' of which,
was one of your ancestors
a robot, perhaps?
[FRANKY]
That's not how it works, bro.
My mistake. You're human.
So one of your
parents was a robot?
[FRANKY]
How does that make sense?
Heh. You tell me!
[FRANKY]
It was a rhetorical question!
I should've said, I got
a letter from Granny Kokoro.
So, I heard all
about you and Iceberg.
[FRANKY] You and the
old bag stay in touch?
That's nice.
Now that is one face
I never thought I'd miss.
[DEN] At any rate,
I heard the whole story.
The good and the bad.
I know that my brother died
the very same way he lived.
With gusto!
Well, either way,
I do appreciate you
comin' here to tell me.
It seems he chose
his students well.
[FRANKY giggles]
Aw, you're flattering me!
[DEN]
Are you sure you're not a robot?
Uh, well, it's complicated.
Let's drop it, okay?
By the way, I've been
meanin' to ask ya.
There's a dude sitting
all alone over there.
Do you know who he is?
Uh-huh! That would
be the Boss, Jimbei.
Huh? Boss of what?
[DEN] Consider it a
term of endearment.
He's waiting for someone,
but he doesn't wanna
enter the island
because he's a wanted man.
[FISHMAN 535A yells]
Intruder alert!
But, the front gate.
How did you scoundrels
get in here?
[DECKEN]
Well, isn't this convenient!
I was ready for a fight,
but everyone's tied up!
I didn't expect much from
those pirates we sent.
Don't tell me they're
the ones who did this.
It doesn't matter.
When someone leaves
you a present,
you don't ask questions.
Heh. They look scared.
I know you!
What's he doing here?
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
We've fought so hard
to keep Vander Decken away
and now he waltzes right in!
And is that who I think it is?
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT] Hordy
Jones from the Fishman District?
What does he want?
This can't be good.
[NEPTUNE]
Hordy. I know that name.
He once served us.
That is, he was a decorated
soldier in the royal army.
Actually, on second thought...
Are you setting a trap for us?
[ZORO] Had an awful lot
of visitors today, huh?
Ugh.
They're not like the last batch.
You did this! You
must be accomplices!
Just admit it: you let
them into the palace!
Oh, really? It's our fault?
You realize we wouldn't even
be here in the first place
if your king
hadn't invited us!
I don't know those guys!
I don't want to!
They're scary!
Hey! You gotta give
our weapons back!
This is bad! We're gonna
need to fight them!
[NEPTUNE]
Vander Decken!
So you're the one behind this!
Straw Hat was innocent.
Give me back my daughter!
You've made her suffer enough!
[laughs] All
father-in-laws say that,
but you'll come around by the
time our honeymoon is over.
This I suspect!
[NEPTUNE] I'll never
be your father-in-law!
Now where did you
take Shirahoshi?
If you harmed one
hair on her head--
You're losing your
mind, old man.
If I already had her, why would
I bother breaking in here?
[NEPTUNE]
Don't play dumb with me!
You're here and my
daughter is missing!
The situation is clear!
[DECKEN]
Someone took my Shirahoshi?!
[screams] This is a tragedy!
[NEPTUNE]
She's not yours!
And damn right, it's a tragedy!
Calm down, your highness.
This is going nowhere and
we need answers, quickly!
[NEPTUNE growls]
[NEPTUNE, DECKEN]
Hm?
Enough screaming. It's a bluff.
See this?
All the pirates you threw
at her are here in the palace.
That means she must be close.
Even if Neptune
is telling the truth
and she's gone, she
couldn't have gotten far.
Somebody, help me!
[HORDY]
Besides, one little toss
and you can track
her down anywhere.
Don't tell me love
has made you so blind
that you forgot how
to use your own power.
His power? What's that?
Good idea! You know, Hordy.
For a musclehead,
you're really pretty clever
when it comes down to it!
Huh? Now he's leaving?
I have a real bad
feeling about this.
[DECKEN]
All right, Mr. Coral,
find my princess for me!
Oh! It is flying away!
[yells] We've been
in love for ten years!
Nothing can tear
us apart, Princess!
Except death, that is!
And then, I had
a real big fart!
[laughs]
That is funny,
but it's a bit
inappropriate, too.
[LUFFY]
Oh, oops!
[LUFFY, SHIRAHOSHI laugh]
[laughs] If I can't have
you, then nobody can!
You're about to be a big,
beautiful corpse, Shirahoshi!
[NARRATOR]
As sea water pours through
the palace's broken wall,
Hordy attacks Neptune's army.
Neptune risks his life
to protect his soldiers
but cannot triumph in battle.
Just when things are
starting to look grim,
Zoro challenges Hordy himself.
However, with the sea water
continuing to rise,
the swordsman is forced to
battle the Fishman underwater.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Battle of the Ryugu
Palace! Zoro vs. Hordy!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!